docs(site): Updating FAQs (#2136)
kopia/kopia: site/content/docs/FAQs/_index.md

#### How Do I Enable Data Deduplication?

[Data deduplication](../features/#backup-files-and-directories-using-snapshots) is enabled automatically by Kopia for all repositories, regardless of whether you use the GUI or CLI. You do not need to do anything.

#### How Do I Change My Repository Password?

You must use Kopia CLI if you want to change your `repository` password; changing password is not currently supported via Kopia GUI. The [`kopia repository change-password` command](../reference/command-line/common/repository-change-password/) is used to change your password. 

Before changing your password, you must be [connected to your `repository`](../getting-started/#connecting-to-repository). This means that you **can** reset your password if you forget your password AND you are still connected to your `repository`. But this also means that you **cannot** reset your password if you forget your password and you are NOT still connected to your `repository`, because you will need your current password to connect to the `repository`.

> As a reminder, your `repository` password is used to [encrypt](../features/#end-to-end-zero-knowledge-encryption) your snapshots, so make sure to select a secure password!

Reviewer: Technically, the password is used to derive a key to encrypt the repository primary encryption key (from which encryption keys are derived). However, that ends up being confusing.

What about:

```suggestion
Remember to select a secure _repository password_. The password is used to [decrypt](../features/#end-to-end-zero-knowledge-encryption) and access the data in your snapshots.
```
